Updated README file with the latest information and documentation link (#27090)
facebook/react: README.md

## Documentation

> You can find the latest React documentation [on the React website](https://reactjs.org/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the latest React documentation [on the React website](https://react.dev/).
```

Author: Thank you for correcting.. You're absolutely right
